now see the implementation Let us write a function sum
which takes an integer and also returns an integer
And we can write the recursive call inside that is
return n plus sum of n minus one but we
haven't defined the base case yet
And what is the base case Here it is when
n is equal to one
So write if n equal to one return n otherwise
return n plus sum of n minus one and it
is done the code is complete
Now let us see an example given n is equal
to three
So three is passed into the function
sum first check the base case n is not equal
to one
It is equal to three so return n plus function
of n minus one that is return three plus sum
of two
So sum of two is called now checked the base
case here and it's not equal to one
So again return two plus sum of one check the
base case n is not equal to one
So again return two plus some of one so sum
of one is called and here also we have to
check the base case first and here N is equal
to one
So base case has reached so return n which is one
So here we get two plus one
That is three and three is returned from this function
And here we get three plus 3 that is 6
So six is so six is finally returned which is
the required output.